# Introduction
Salesforce is known for changing how businesses and organizations interact with customers. They have grown to be an industry leader in the customer relationship management (CRM) space. From the beginning, salesforce has always had the customer in mind, and has stayed true to that to this day. The various acquisitions the company has had over the years only enhance the ways it can leverage information to aid its clients. With organizations transitioning from a pandemic to an endemic and employees returning to the office, salesforce has requested our support with their optimization problem.

# Approach
The Salesforce representatives allowed us to explore this project and develop our unique solution to create a deliverable to aid their decision-making. The focus for the project was to find the optimal form of travel for employees to attend Salesforce team meetings. As a group we decided some key factors we wanted to focus on were speed, cost, reliability, and ease of use. We decided to use Tableau to create an interactive dashboard for managers to use as a tool to facilitate setting up these meetings.   

# Data Preparation
	Before Salesforce provided us with data for our project we decided to take the initiative by collecting external data. We began by collecting Uber and flight prices with the use of an API, as well as scrapping  current gas prices from AAA’s website. Once we received the data from Salesforce we combined our external data and were able to create one big data source which we would use in our Tableau dashboard. 

# Methodology/Analysis
	Initially, we took a straightforward approach to the project and began by calculating the distance of the employee's postal code to each of the ten Salesforce Hubs to get the closest Hub for each employee. We began testing by randomly selecting a group of employees and calculating their cumulative distance from each Hub to see which of them was the closest. As we delved further into this approach, we discovered that no matter what random set of employees we selected, the hub that employees would most frequently meet would be Indianapolis
We then decided to pivot and use a different approach based on a random selection of employees; we would select the hub that showed up as the most frequent and as the closest for the selected employees. For example, if we were to select a random set of 10 employees, 5 having the closest office being Dallas, 2 having Denver as the closest office, and 3 having New York as the closest office. The office they would meet at would be Dallas since the number of employees in Dallas is higher than the other offices. 
Ultimately, we went with an approach that considered the overall cheapest travel cost for all employees to meet. We used external and client-provided data, which gave our project greater depth. We began by using APIs to gather Uber and flight price data from all employees' locations to each Salesforce hub throughout the nation. The flight data consisted of all major airports, their airport code, the latitude and longitude of the airport, and the cost of flights. Using the longitude and latitude along with the airport data, we created a Python function to calculate the distance between each employee to their closest airport. Using the same Python function, we calculated the closest airport to the 10 Salesforce Hubs using the longitude and latitude data. We then calculated the distance driving for each employee to the hubs. Road distances were calculated using GEOPY, which uses latitude and longitude coordinates to get the driving distance for all employees to the 10 Salesforce Hubs. Lastly, we developed a threshold value tested between 0-140 miles and conducted over 1000 simulations to determine the optimal threshold which was 70 miles. 
